you
foreign
okay so it works
i don't know butterworth
[Music]
i
hmm
i guess you want to round down all right
you're still going to be drift that's
really annoying
let it down
oh
you
okay well there you go
okay we'll just take these
for the example here she is
i used
that's actually no no i think i want
this like a race but then
with overlapping regions of length m
okay so i think i want this
um
yeah you give it a sample
five two six eight five
six five
uh
i guess there's still some drift what
the [__] is wrong
i feel like that's exactly what i want
though
all right well it's good for now
how long is this
oh this is actually just three samples
which
it's like a hundredth of a second
i guess a little more than that
okay
does this actually allocate all of the
[__] arrays i feel like you should
just have it generate an iterator
make it lazy
i guess it is a constructor
[Music]
so this is
really not
we don't want it fluctuating
[Music]
so
all right
[Music]
why are they all the same
what
[Music]
okay it's just the
number of them
[Music]
all right whatever
and that's pretty
actually let's just do all of them
[Music]
how do we do it
oh yesterday oh wow
that'll be great
[Music]
oh cool and this looks like it's all
part of the api so i'll be able to mess
around
[Music]
but for now this is fine
so
i was thinking like
these will be like the
um
like the alpha value for a video
[Music]
okay
yeah that's pretty lame
it's just gonna be flickering all over
the place
what's a better way to do it bin it by
[Music]
filters
we can do that
[Music]
please
is
[Music]
and then
dude i don't know anything about filters
this is pretty embarrassing
[Music]
so
do
[Music]
so
see you
[Music]
the cutoff means everything below
so if i did
[Music]
how do you compose them
filters are
commutative right
[Music]
a high pass a low pass the same thing as
a low pass of a high pass
if you keep the cutoffs the same right
so
[Music]
my
wow
[Music]
that's so interesting because music you
don't really like
i guess you do but you do it by earlier
[Music]
actually i'll make a little
uh
[Music]
can i give it a date format
uh
[Music]
wait
what the hell
[Music]
whoa that's weird okay
so
[Music]
oh yeah
that's actually such a wasteland
[Music]
it's all right
okay
but at least now
[Music]
do
so
[Music]
so let's just get some
where's some cool pictures
[Music]
does that work
okay so now i guess i want to choose
a resolution
[Music]
it's hard to see what a good resolution
like
[Music]
let's
just
[Music]
oh
okay
well actually
[Music]
yeah it's not worth it
actually we probably don't even want to
do that
[Music]
so
wait
my
[Music]
weird
okay
[Music]
so now if i
so
[Music]
um
wait so what is wrong
of the matrix
you gotta give it up wait did it
restrict
[Music]
that's really annoying
you can't
[Music]
you can't erase
a matrix
[Music]
that's okay
oh
[Music]
so
that's funny
a long time ago
[Music]
okay that's kind of cool
well that worked
[Music]
so
just noise
[Music]
rather
is that
does that make any sense
[Music]
so
why does it look like all the same
though
that shouldn't be
[Music]
i guess those are the hots so that's
gonna be different
nah there should be
[Music]
so
mathematically deliberately
[Music]
this is a 60th of a second
yeah they're usually going to be
centered around
[Music]
that's okay
i did have to
[Music]
this one
oh yeah clamp zero one
[Music]
do
so
[Music]
that's how it does
if i did
[Music]
so
okay so i do want
to wait
[Music]
do they have dogs specifically like this
so
[Music]
that's pretty cool
they like palettes
[Music]
whoa that's really cool
from a wavelength that's [__] nutty
[Music]
all right so
but yes it's gonna be gray up until
and then one is the most
so what i want to do
[Music]
uh
yeah okay so i'll just add one
[Music]
okay
very good
[Music]
so now
[Applause]
[Music]
so
this
[Music]
okay
i'll just call the
[Music]
whoa
that's not very good
[Music]
oh wait no wait
oh yeah
[Music]
it's gonna be nothing
that's a that's not a function
[Music]
i guess that kind of makes sense
so
[Music]
uh
okay
[Music]
that's okay though
she's gonna print it out a million
[Music]
all right
oh
[Music]
so
do
[Music]
you
it seems like the best way to do it
[Music]
would that work
um
[Music]
so
vacation
[Music]
so
do
[Music]
wow
so
[Music]
what's that invert
compliment
[Music]
my
dude vic made this no way i had no idea
oh i guess i kind of didn't know that
that's sick
[Music]
whoa
so
[Music]
oh really
wow
[Music]
uh
so
[Music]
my
so
[Music]
my
um
what is it
i am
[Music]
oh so really
it shouldn't
matter
does it have my converters
[Music]
i'll have to do that another time though
um
[Music]
bye
foreign
[Music]
so
um
[Music]
it does
okay so i think that's what i want to do
[Music]
oh wait a minute
that's weird though right because
[Music]
oh
oh and this is how it displays it that's
cool
[Music]
yeah
all right okay
[Music]
doesn't i keep going
oh [__]
[Music]
no yeah there's no order how do you even
do that i guess you can do with a gray
[Music]
that's cool
how do you make it gray
[Music]
can i just do
okay
uh
[Music]
uh is the right way to do
this uh
[Music]
vector matrix
i can't do this
[Music]
foreign
oh
[Music]
okay that's kind of cool
form a max filter
[Music]
region
the list of dimensions you want to
include
so let's see
[Music]
so
these ones are cool okay
[Music]
oh yeah okay
all right so let's try this
[Music]
oh wait actually i gotta do this thing
that's cool i like that
[Music]
um
it's the right one
oh that's really annoying
okay [__]
i put these
[Music]
on what is it doing
all right we just need the bpm but
that is really something
[Music]
can i
automatic search
[Music]
it's jen
all right we got it we're all good
now we wanna
um
what is it called
i like copies at all
[Music]
collect on save
oh yeah there's that dc's
[Music]
my
yes
[Music]
so
cool
[Music]
up
my computer is bugging out right now
i guess this thing does have a fan it's
just like nice and quiet
okay so that's cool that's a cool effect
um
yeah so let's pick a better song
uh
do you do an itunes or do you do an
ffmpeg
i think the underlying data is the same
and the headers are different so
it's
to the like scan
yeah what was it
21.
how do you do
uh
[Music]
okay
nice it's cool that i got that
um
you
whoa
that looks cool
wow that doesn't mean interesting i
wonder if you just like take
the top
million songs and just call mean on the
sum or mean on the the wav file
i wonder if they're all at zero like the
engineer knows to like make it so
there's no dc offset or something
okay
so let's just call this [__] again see
right now
this is random
so
it's gonna be nothing
uh
so
[Music]
do
all right what the [__] am i doing
getting distracted
so
a lot of pixels
what is
10 million
wait
that's really annoying
whoa
oh [__]
that looks [__] cool
okay okay
and i get 10 of these
all right
oh [__]
that is not what you want to see
wait did it crash a second time
this looks looking cool
you
now
not important
all right let's uh
okay so what about
what about this
this is below
just make 60 frames
make the gap
yeah okay
wait two seconds
um
you
oh that is so annoying okay
i mean obviously that's
correct but
so
in two seconds what i want to do is have
it wrap around
over to
this indexing
so first it'll be like
um
one two one million
then it'll be
um
one one
and then it'll be
this
so
that's not that many frames though so
let's make it
105.
oh i'm being a [__] idiot
um
so okay
there
all right so 120 frames
and then we want to do
is that right i feel like i haven't
missed a zero
okay
fine
i'll just make that
[Music]
a million divided by
is 8 000
okay
i mean there you go
it's gonna be i
what if we just do this right now uh
because you're not actually doing a circ
shift but
oh we can
and
weird
but i can do the not in place alright
oh wait
i don't understand why this
doesn't work
oh
that seems kind of dumb
whatever
i'm just not getting something
okay
so
uh
all right so let's do this
that's a [__] ton of memory huh
okay so
what did i do before
so
good
all right well let's see if that works
i feel like last time
this didn't work for me
oh cool
no that'll give me defaults i'm sure
oh i forgot that that works that is huge
for some reason
uh
[Music]
i just wanna see it
oh really
that seems kind of
[__]
and so when she like wrote this era
what is wrong with me dude
oh that is so [__] dumb
all right
i think it might be all cute for me
let's have a number control q in
terminal
you
all right so if i do one and
what is it called
i thought that was supposed to work
okay so it doesn't work
anyways
can i just rgb then
okay
this won't work
i feel like this is not the best way to
do that
alas
i don't give a [__]
including erasers
dude
okay i think that this
really
okay
why not though
the file isn't compatible can you only
write
mp4
what is the apple video file called
that's kind of weird
the
um
what does dash r do
will that work
i'm skeptical
uh
okay
i never get you
oh
um
uh just got friends right
could not
and index and arrange wonderful
oh yeah well so it wrote all the
numbers
well that works
um
so
no
who wrote this
oh is that what i want to do
um
uh
how do you do it
okay
i'm lowkey skeptical that this will work
um
and now that this is just julia i can
just say
god this is
okay
all right that looks way better
nice
whoa okay guys
it looks pretty cool
it could move slower huh
so what i'll do
is i'll
have this thing
all right now let's render like
10 seconds of it okay and then i want to
do
this is actually
now i can use it
yeah 600 frames okay
wait did it run okay i did
okay
that's cool
um
classic
oh oops
yeah
um
it's pretty cool
so
[Music]
down
so
that's too random that's the issue
oh but hold on
oh [__]
but we can actually do this
let's make it two seconds because then
it
let me have to wait less time
oh i guess i actually did the whole
thing
wow wait did it
oh okay i know what happened
all right all right
okay
um
let's see what do we want to do
in this thing
oh
i forgot about them
well just make it black and white for
now
so okay so
oh okay we gotta do this
oh yeah so we just want to do
what the [__] did i just do
oh
all right control preston
that's pretty sick
but why is it doing
oh yeah duh
okay so you also gotta do
what what is it it's arm dash r i think
now see that deletes the directory
though
you're in this direction
oh [__]
that [__] doesn't work
i
that's just
[__]
uh
yeah without globbing really
so
all right whatever i i really could not
care
oh
i turn on loop
um
i thought i said a little bit
oh he's a positive
this one doesn't look that cool
what are some of the other image
functions
so
oh that's kind of cool
an opening
okay weird that there's no in place
version of that i guess
morpho gradient sounds cool what's that
you
that is [__] sick man
okay um
oh
honestly that itself
if okay if i just took
um
you
that's pretty neat
let's feature transform
of a binary image
hold on
um
okay cool
so
i don't really know what that one does
okay
uh
what i actually want to do though
you
that's cool
hmm what else uh
oh that's cool
it's interesting
uh
why not
what is rubix color
oh
brutal
binarization
oh cool
yeah never look at what top hat
let's see what they are
[Music]
so
[Laughter]
[Music]
wow
uh
[Music]
where the hell
foreign
[Music]
mmm
uh
oh really
what is the other one called
yeah that's [__] lit
where's this guy
what a sick package
it's probably one function
oh i guess he has to do a bunch of os
[Music]
in painting
a while ago
all right let's just [__] with the
feathering algorithms
okay cool
oh
i don't really understand the name
this
charge
[Music]
that's pretty sick actually
like what are all these algorithms up
here come on
is that the same
um
oh so this is just like a kernel or
something
this word
oh
yeah but like
how do you actually use
hmm
binary dither
abstract dither okay
so
oh i think you have to do it like this
so you didn't change at all
this one
didn't change
i guess because it's so random that it's
like
yeah but that seems a little [__]
i'm not buying
okay what else can we do
with images
i should have gotten a second one
oh yeah the binarization
does
oh god please update these [__] docks
then
that's the problem with these guys
[Music]
filtering i'll do the filtering one's
probably cool
oh yeah that's sick okay
yeah i did that
right
yeah i messed up those a little bit
oh
huh
does it ever
yeah it seems like it's doing something
oh and it does reach a fixed point
that's cool
that's real neat
um
oh wait actually
okay i can just do
can you do that
is that the best way to do it i guess
i'll have to do benchmarks
you
dude does any
does any [__]
that is insane
it seems like none of them actually work
map rand
ll
oh okay wait so
it's really true that if i do this
what if i just try this
that's kind of annoying
yes
so
it just seems crazy that
you really can't write
yes
there's literally only two types
supported i guess
all right well that's an l
i have to use my trash function
so
what else is there
you
so
this already
does that actually stop the execution of
a block i guess it um
what was that third argument
uh
what happened there
um
uh
oh yeah no [__]
thing it doesn't
what about this one
what the hell
i guess that actually just kind of makes
sense though
it seems like the tests are [__]
broken but
they clearly aren't because ci is
passing
um
i could probably just make a pr vote
whatever
it's probably already an issue but like
there i don't care anymore
the fact that it errors
okay i got the right
it's arrow like so whack
i really do not understand
what's up all right
this
hey
why is this here
okay that doesn't seem like their fault
so
uh
okay that is [__] insane
i already activated a new environment
did i never
how weird is that
god there's so many issues
with this
especially the temp environment because
it sucks that
you get into this state where it's like
[__] up and you gotta redo it
some environment [__] because it
seems like this is actually gonna work
um
ah
this makes no sense
let me actually try to figure this
there's no method for iterating for
these but i literally just did it over
here
you
all right so they're the same
but i get this
you
oh
is that possible wait
no i have it though
uh
just figure it out for me
oh yeah i gotta do it before
uh
um let's just make it a different
that's so weird
we even use the one that they have in
the test
i don't think it's
okay
so it looks like
this might be the problem
yes
so
[Music]
do
you